# TaskWorkFlow
WorkFlow is a Web Application which aims at maintaining the task work flow between the employees of a company. The registered employees can enter tasks into the application which are required to be performed by employees of other fields.
This app uses concepts of java , servlets, JDBC connections, SQL Databases , JavaScript, JQuery, JSTL, Apache Tomcat Server, Log4j, Ant Build, Ajax calls and much more
BAsically this app is all about maintaining the task workflow among employees of any company. Employees can register themselves. There are three types of employees who are registered in the system i.e. user, developer and tester. Developers are also of types android developer, IOS developer, wed designer and image designer. Each can enter tasks into the system targeted for a particular role. 
Upon successful registration, the account of the user stays inactivated. The administrator of the system is required to activate the account of a newly registered employee. The administrator also has the power to delete an employee or a task.
When a task is entered by either the user, developer or tester, it is sent to the targeted developer. The targeted developer can take up the task. The user is notified that his task has been taken up by that developer. Upon completion by the developer, the task goes to all the testers. Any tester can take up the completed task to test it. Upon successful testing and total completion of the task, the user is notified that his task has been tested. This way tasks are entered and tested and the flow of tasks is maintained between the employees in the system.
